very good everyone here my second video
and what is the beginning of a new
series of videos in which I will bring you
information about all the troops of
clash of plants from the barbarian to
the golem all the troops and well then
like new to make it more exciting
let's start from the troop more
simple the barbarian
well here we are seeing the four
different aspects in which
presents the respective ncaa barbarian
level level 1 and 2 the barbarian is
natural without any change so no
I'm going to comment on anything in level 3 change
and 4 the appearance of the barbarian varies is like
who has a brown ribbon on his forehead
and the size of his sword also increases
is already going to level 5 the way
rather more abrupt since the barbarian
now he comes with a Viking helmet
At least that seems and his sword
presents a brown color I do not know if
it will be gold I do not know if it will be bronze but if
good some of those and already happening to the level
6 the brutal change completely changes
all parents black his helmet is
different and good the truth is that the
helmet brings you an air pretty close to
the master league the emblem is
the theft is also different and good
yes yes
without thinking it like its appearance its
strength increases impressively though
good quiet that now I will put the
table of all the increase and defense of
each level and well then almost no zeros
more wait let's move on to the table
statistics
well what are you looking at the table of the
who spoke does not have much to comment
but good in two ways for
provide us with a bit of work
I will comment something good here is explained jce
everything is not missing
I tried to collect all the
possible information so that it is as
complete possible and good what I believe
more serves is to see that , for example,
verbs are attacked second by second by
what if you have them at the maximum level
each hit erre that was an effort to
26 damage now building what is not
a lot but since the barbarians are a
unit that they have to go in group to
must do something a group of 50
barbarians yes he does something and in fact
can make true true
bestiality is good the truth is that no
is a reality that I recommended a lot for
I prefer archers because
also this needs a pretty level
barbarian high before level 5 not what
I recommend it also has a range of
0.4 so they have to get closer
enough to the buildings that is a
mortar we go in a matter of seconds
how do I put you in one